Time
16:00-17:00

Attendance
- Chi not here

Meeting Log
- Agenda:
  - Check in with the project progress
  - CI/CD
- How everyone feel about the project and tasks?
  - Everyone have their parts worked well and got them done
- Review pull requests (author explains the pr)
  - kushi's file structure & thank you page
  - jerry's explanation page
  - andy's constellation drawing & star layout
  - cheng's response page
  - shahank's skymap page
- Code style decision
  - have separate files for html/css/js
- Decide what to do for second sprint
  - Carry over from sprint 1
    - PR
    - Constellation drawing
  - How do we create issue?
    - brainstorming rn
  - Branching & Peer-review
    - kushi idea: have paired paterner for peer-review
    - victor idea: have two people work on the same thing
- New Issues
  - andy will continue to work on the designs
  - decide on the theme
  - shashank: response system, CI/CD, css
  - victor: half team develop pipeline, half team work on the program
- Team for sprint 2
  - v1:
    - Pram
    - Aiden 
    - Chi 
    - Cheng 
    - Jerry 
    - Khushi
 - CI/CD:
    - Shashank 
    - Khushi 
    - Victor

TODO
- For the current PRs, fix placeholder image and separating files for html/css/js
- PR needs peer-review
  - response page
  - skymap page
  - landing page
- V1 team need to meet up to break down and assign tasks
- CI/CD team also need a separate meeting
