# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date/Time:** 6/11 Sun 20:00-21:00
**Meeting Purpose:** Retrospective & Update & Wrap up
**Meeting Location:** Zoom
**Note Taker:** Aiden Chen

## Attendence

Everyone is here, Shashank needed to leave early.

## Note
**Chi**
- Finished sound effect and zooming
- Failing some puppeteer e2e test
  - Modify the test to wait for the page longer
    - Changed the test to wait for 3000ms
- All test passed
- Have tested the pages manually
- Have everyone test the pages (including mobile views) extensively to make sure they works
  - Looks good for everyone so will merge in (sound effect along with zoom out function)

**Retrospective**
<img width="1006" alt="retrospetive_01" src="https://github.com/cse110-sp23-group16/cse110-sp23-group16/assets/70079892/a767c5f5-e4dc-4dc8-a3a3-dcf1c4919113">
<img width="1011" alt="retrospetive_02" src="https://github.com/cse110-sp23-group16/cse110-sp23-group16/assets/70079892/cb127e80-bdc7-473e-8fba-a96dfaee88c9">
<img width="1440" alt="retrospetive_03" src="https://github.com/cse110-sp23-group16/cse110-sp23-group16/assets/70079892/9422bc7e-c005-4082-9708-acd634e08264">
<img width="1227" alt="retrospetive_04" src="https://github.com/cse110-sp23-group16/cse110-sp23-group16/assets/70079892/cc3c8a0f-6603-4e33-bad3-f41c52f5d323">
<img width="1274" alt="retrospetive_05" src="https://github.com/cse110-sp23-group16/cse110-sp23-group16/assets/70079892/a6b7870e-8501-40ad-b0d4-66b7e693dfd0">
<img width="1278" alt="retrospetive_06" src="https://github.com/cse110-sp23-group16/cse110-sp23-group16/assets/70079892/f0ad9412-a935-4c7b-a20e-1fc9dd833a08">
<img width="1277" alt="retrospetive_07" src="https://github.com/cse110-sp23-group16/cse110-sp23-group16/assets/70079892/cbfa52c3-774e-450b-a08a-e3883b589247">
<img width="1274" alt="retrospetive_08" src="https://github.com/cse110-sp23-group16/cse110-sp23-group16/assets/70079892/6e306828-8aae-4516-94c3-883252f7182b">
<img width="1275" alt="retrospetive_09" src="https://github.com/cse110-sp23-group16/cse110-sp23-group16/assets/70079892/d860cfd6-169e-4ac0-8585-cd475649a1b7">

- Start, Stop, Continue
  - Not many thing we can do since it is end of the sprints but we will still do it
- Guildline for development process such as PR review 
  - We originally want to do pair programming and have they review each other's code but didn't do it
  - Chi suggest we can have at least 2 people reviewing PR
- Stop features
  - No comments
- Start the video and try to make it as awesome as possible
  - No comments
- Finish documentation
  - Pretty much done

**Team Video**
- Scripts are relised for public and private verison
- Please make comments and give suggestions for improvement on it

**ADR documentation**
- Jerry will do one
- Might need one for analytics (Shashank)

**JSDocs**
- Landing page
  - Aiden

**Khushi**
- Updated CI/CD pipeline `phase2.md` for an assignment

**Favorite ask page**
- Put it in README.md
  
**Andy**
- Checked for dangling file (remove anything we don't need)
  - Placeholder file? for system diagram (that's alright)
